Oh hello there how are you all?
Hello you lovely I am fine and you?
Well me too, I am just chilling I bit around here having some fun chatting with you all 
Oh that sounds cool, so why are you writing in the crypto chat?
Well maybe you want to talk about crypto?
Sure so what Cryptos are you in?
I am in ETH, SOL and ADA but also in a lot of NFT projects
Sounds cool I am in LUNA, ETH and SOL 
What about ADA?
Well, if you look at numbers SOL is the way better ADA
Hm.. never really looked at the numbers 
ADA has a way lower transaction rate. SOL has huge upside potential, I think it might get under the Top 3. 
Hm just saw that SOL is proof of stake too, I did not know that actually.
Yeah they are almost like 4. Generation of crypto 
ETH is trying to get proof of stake too isnt it?
It is but I think we still have some time til ETH 2.0 comes out 
ETH 2.0?
Yeah the update that will bring us the p-o-s
Ahhh, so should you invest in ETH now?
Well this is no financial advise haha but I would go in with a little amount you are ready to use 
Before its to late I guess 
Yeah like in the wolf of walstreet 
Hm ok so I should definitely go out of ADA and into SOL 
Difficult to say but I would yeah  
But about NFT Projects what do you have your money in?
Well I am owning a bored ape actually. 
What else?
A lot of other ones too... of course crypto bulls 
BullS?
Yeah around 10
Oh man that sounds wyld 
And some other projects like Meta Billionaires and so on 
Alright cool, did you already claim your Crypto Bear 
I couldnt unfortunately 
Why?
The drop was delayed 
Huh tell me more..
Just look their announcement they want to perfectionate the project so yeah the bears are delayed 
Hm that sounds not so good 
It isnt watch the price of the bulls it dropped like a third 
Hm that is not good
So you are hoping to get that bear and sell it to make some money 
No actually I am planning to hold the bears maybe I am selling like 1 or 2 but nah 
Omg I just looked over Gal Yosefs instagram and I just have to admit that this the best digital art I have ever seen 
Yeah same I am wondering why is not working at like a animation studio or making his own one 
Hm to be honest I find it pretty cool being a part of the metaverse here 
Thats true I am permanently flexxing with my bulls when I am at work haha 
Oh yeah I saw people using them on their apple watch that looks litt 
it does yeah I did that too but with a collage of nine of them actually
Haha extra flex 
Yeah I am struggling to buy more to make an even bigger collage 
Rich boy problems i guess 
haha you say it 
But Eagles gonna be great too dont you think?
Yeah I am hyped af but a little disappointed that are really no perks for bull holders I mean something like a role to be able to take part in WL giveaways or something would have been cool 
Thats true.. but it might not work. I mean the team maybe wants to give as much people as possible an eagle 
Hm thats right. It might be to exclusive then... 
Yeah thats what I thought 
Hm I think though it would be like nice to have a little bit of perks just a little but yeah anyway 
Gotta grind to get WL then haha 
Yeah maybe there will come something with invites but I am definitely hyped for all thats gonna happen with this project 
Yeah LFG we hodl 
Of course man always haha 
did you hear about this squid game coin 
No what is that?
Yeah it was like a scam project
Huh what do you mean like a rug pull or what?
No it was a coin where the owners held like the major part and sold when the coin was high so they made like a lot of profit but everybody else lost almost everything they invested 
Oh so um that sounds bad... I invested in Doge when it was high maybe thats a little bit similar 
No man Doge wasnt a scam just a kind of stupid idea to invest in 
Man I had no idea I just love dogs and didnt know what happened when Elon suddenly destroyed it all 
Yeah elon kind off let the bubble burst. I mean I cant imagine what would happen if like Tesla would again going to accept BTC or ETH 
Oh man such a huge boost I mean I bet ETH is going to make 6000 dollar this year but with that that might happen sooner than expected 
Yeah man ETH just has to get this update then everything will be fine hopefully and market will skyrocket 
True oh man but til that we got to relax 
Yeah we do 
Did I wish you a happy new year?
Nah you didnt 
Well then happy new year 
2022 amazing number dont you think?
I do. The avatar 2 movie is going to come out this year
That movie is kind off reminding me of the metaverse 
OH thats true, but the biggest metaverse movie is still ready player one isnt it?
sure sure or that one simpsons episode 
I mean its somehow amazing what you could do if you could time travel 
Yeah almost everybody would have invested in BTC ... 
I think like SOL was this years BTC unfortunately I didnt found it that eary 
Me too I got in at around 80 dollars 
WEll that is pretty good profit though isnt it? 
It is it is I mean like the whole year was almost 700% 
WTF thats amazing I am like around 150% in plus this year 
Oh thats not bad too I mean these times are kind of crazy arent they 
Yeah but I am a little afraid that the markets are going to collapse 
Hm that is True, but do you think crypto will also collapse then 
I mean like not collapse but crash .. for sure 
Hm ok but you would stay in wouldnt you?
I would but.. I would not like invest every penny if you know what I mean 
Alright I aint so lets gooo 
haha man my wife is calling me to dinner i have to go 
Alright man it was a pleasure 
The pleasure was mine bye bye 
Bye man have a great time 
I will 
