Hey everyone!!!
Hello you there
Hows it going
Great! and with you?
Oh yeah I am fine too
So what are you doing
Uh not so much just chilling and chatting a bit
Sounds great chilling is always good haha
It sure is! And what are you doing
Well I am chillin too and watching a series on the sideline 
Oh what series?
Do you know the series Gravity Falls?
Sure I do I love that series but isnt that a bit of a kids series?
Yeah it is but it is just so amazingly mysterious and well told
You are absolutely right... what episode are you at?
The one where they are time traveling
Oh yeah man I reimagine it
Yeah that one is amazing but I think my favorite episode is the one where gideon takes over the mysteriy sheck
Oh yeah this one is great and with the fight there at the end yeah
And what is your favorite episode?
Well I loved that one where Stans brother is being revealed
Oh yeah that was lit in general the story is just lit
So true man
But I also like the series star against the evil forces from disney you know that one
Sure I do!
There also you have this kind of mysterious aura 
Yeah in generl I just love the end of the series... you know whether there is going to be a second part?
Uh unfortunely not I am sorry
Well me not either but I think that ending was kind of susupensive if you know what I melena
Yeah I also find it always cool when there are these love stories in these serieses
Yes I can relate
You heard about the baymax series that is going to come out next year
I did I cant wait man
Yeah me too, I loved the movie but was very disapointed when that stupid manga series from baymax came out
Appreciate it just so stupid
But yeah anyway that series will be great wont it
It will seems like you too are Disney + member
I am! 
Oh man I havent watched the first episode of Boba Fett new series yet... you like star wars
Of course I watched it!
Dont spoiler
Dont worry I wont
But the Mandalorian was just great 
I liked that too
Man seems like were almost the same person when it comes to movie taste
Indeed it does haha
But anyway yeah that was great and all I especially liked the whole Boba comeback
Me too, but I think it is generally difficult to bring characters back sometimes its like to weird
Yeah you know the Arrow series
Ah I know what you mean
Yeah there you had this just absurd comeback of almost everyone that should have died
Thats true, I liked the first season though
nah the first episodes where maybe ok but nah not my taste
