Hey threre
Hey man whats up
Just chlling
Ah nice
Hey did you watch the movie tenet?
Course one of Nolans best
Wait are you a Christopher Nolan fan too?
Course man love him
You heard of his next movie Oppenheimer?
No wait wasnt that name even mentioned in tenet
Yeah it was at some time I think when they talked about the algorithm
Ah yeah I remember
Anyway yeah its about that nuclear bomb guy
Yeah ik the name
Alright I am looking forward
Yeah me too... whats your favorite Nolan movie
Well I love Interstellar the most I think
Oh really... i still think Tenets the best one
Yeah understandable, but you got to admit
Yeah Interstellar comes second
Alright haha
So how did you come to this server
Well yk I am kind of into this whole NFT thing and saw it on social media and yeah
Sounds cool
And you?
Yeah I kind of got in the whole scene because of a friend we are kind of investors
But wait pls dont say you are paperhand
No of Course not, I generally dont belive in short term investing
Oh glad to hear that
Yeah but anyway we found the project and thought that the artwork was just amazing yeah
omg so true
yeah may I ask what your hobbies are
I am kind of a investor too so I do not have to work
Uh tell me more
Yeah so I went early in to ETH and yeah got kind of rich
Hahaha huge
Yeah and know I am trying to build myself a pretty nice NFT collection
insane and what projects do you own?
I have got 1 Crypto punks and 2 Bored apes and a whole lot of other stuff.. You know Crypto Bulls?
Of Course
I got 12 
Boy arent they at like 2.5 floor
Yeah I am hyped for the bears
Hahah what bears
Every hodler gets a bear 
No wayyy 
Of Course
Oh I see it on gal yosef instagram page
Yeah they are insane arent they?
Pretty insane
Well the artist is doing a lot of cool stuff
IC
And what are you doing
I am a med school student actually with pretty great debt
Oh nice... I mean the student stuff
Yeah I am almost through but yeah I am very happy to have a nice job and a family soon... you c I was always eager to help people in my life
WEll that sounds cool and altruistic
I hope so 
Well and yeah I am investing a bit in crypto nowerdays
Nice.. when I watch on youtube I always see market predictions from people that state the market is about to collapse I think because of inflation
Ok.. so you belive that?
Sort of. I mean inflation is at a really high level and I dont know Crashes always happen sooner or later
True true. Maybe I should take a bit of money out of my investments to like go all in when the markets are down
Hm sounds like a bright idea but.. yeah dont take my word for it markets arent really predictable 
Yeah but I think having in mind that something may come is important
It is, you are right there
We live in a twilight world m'friend
Yeah and there are now friends at dusk
Haha Xd bye for now
Bye bye

