Hello guys whats up?
Whats up man... did you see the sneek peeks 
Oh yeah, they are taking my breath 
They surely are.. Crypto Bull Society is made by the same artist isnt it?
It is, I love the artwork! 
Yeah, I just need to get somehow into that whitelist
Me too, I would die for an eagle 
that one hippy eagle is looking insane
Oh man I gonna invest into this so hard 
Me too, I will spent all my eth on The Galyverse 
May I ask how much you own 
Well, I was lucky, since I invested in early 2021 at around 500$
That sounds cool, I guess I took the opportunity when Elon announced that Tesla is not gonna accept BTC anymore and the whole market crashed
Yeah that was such a nice opportunity... I bought ADA at around 1.2$ and sold it 2 and a half months later for around 2.7$ that was sick 
Oh man how much did you invest there 
I had around 25k actually
Oh so you are more of a trader
No not really, but when SOL got bigger I shifted around and yeah 
Oh so you too are an early SOl adapter?
Yeah I acutally had around 5k at in when it was worth 10$, later when it has around 50$ I invested another 50k 
Oh man what kind of a market genius arent you? 
Well, I got lucky.. but I mean, I also lost a lot of money in the whole 2020 march market crash 
You sold? 
Not really but my 10x leverages had been knocked out, when I like slept 
That sounds bad.. for me it was acutally pretty cool, since I used the opportunity and bought a few of my favorite stocks 
Ah that is also a nice strategy isnt it? 
Yeah it is simply waiting for a crash invest all your money and wait for the market to peak again
Haha, I fear it wouldnt work though xD 
No it was more of a joke 
So how much have you invested in ETH 
Oh very much 
I would consider it my second house and car.. 
Yeah I am also pretty hyped for the things to happen this year 
So true, new year and again many opportunities 
Yeah, I mean imagine you could take a little peek at the market in one year ...
You would probably get pretty damn rich 
Oh man what would you do if you had like 100 million dollars 
probably get into ETH right now and buy the dip xD 
OH you know Andre Jikh this youtube guy 
The one that hangs out with Graham Stephen sometimes 
Yeah that one 
Well yeah, what about him?
Do you remember this videos were he had like the Dogecoin millionaire...?
xD oh yeah boy this mad had like 3 million and isnt even a millionare anymore is he? 
No DOGE dropped pretty much 
Were you in?
No not really I only got like 1k for fun when Elon musk first pushed it 
Yeah I think generally if you invest in crypto you should only deal with an amount you are ready to loose
Everybody says that but I think really no one does that 
But dont you think thats a good tenet 
nah, not really. I think its more important to do your own research.. is this crypto currency really bringing something new, and useful or not? 
Hm thats true.. but in the end markets are unpredictable and even if some Crypto might bring something good, it can fail 
Nothing is a hundred percent.. You are right with that one
Yeah but you are too 
Anyway where are you currently in
When like my portfolio is generally 30% Stocks and 20% Real Estate and 50% Crypto... 
thats a nice split I think... so what cryptos do you own? 
I have SOL, ADA, LUNA and ETH 
Oh thats close to mine 
Oh so what do you have?
Just an additional Polkadot 
How did you split it? 
Around 70% ETH and 10% for the others 
Hm boy you really believe in this dont you?
Of course the whole Metaverse is going to be powered by ETH I think 
Hm... might be true 
Is true 
Well I think you should be careful with that ..
Dont worry about me do your own research 
Haha I already do 
Did you hear that Gucci and Ralph Lauren is already selling Digital Clothing?
Omg this sounds amazing 
Snoop Dog has like place in the Sandbox did you knew that?
Of course, but thats long ago 
... Long ago... I guess when you look at the whole timeline a year is pretty damn long 
Did you invest in the Sandbox ? 
Of course do, I am owning some space in there 
Well the chart looks pretty will doesnt it?
It does.. do you have some space there? 
Ah... I am more of that Crypto Punks guy?
Oh man you have one? 
I have 2 acutally
Oh man thats nice... when we talk about artworks like these, I am more into 3d Art like Crypto Bulls, or Prime apes acutally 
Yeah these are very nice, I got to admit that 
So what you gonna do today?
Oh man I think I am just going to relax a little and chill a bit in the chat 
Sounds like a bright idea
And you?
Yeah me too, I mean, I would love to get Whitelisted here ... you can even mint to eagles 
I always love that... they just look so amazing 
They do 
The project surely has a lot of potential 
It does it does 
The community is also strong 
I also find it good, that the WL requirements are not about invites... cause these Invitebots often fail with the big trouble about these projects 
Yeah thats true I tried to get to Crypto Bears Whitelist and invited around 15 friends, how said, they verified themselves. But - I did not get one invite 
Oh that hurts 
It does 
I also dont like those projects like I think Hapebeast, that just dont say any WL criteria 
Yeah I think I pretty much love the requirements how they are right now... I mean to reach level 30 for Whitelist would be enough be me but yeah xD 
I feel your pain 
So yeah I think I am gonna play a little bit Cyberpunk and make a break 
Cyberpunk? Are you playing that game? 
Yeah, I mean it was a big flop... I somehow like it though... 
I played it too, I think the problem wasnt the game in itself, but rather the expectations that the video game company arose 
Yeah CD Projects is the name... I once heard, that they had a way better version of the game, but some developer really messed up something 
Oh man hahah xD 
But there is a row of other RPGs I like way more...
Yeah, I heard Red Dead Redemption is pretty good.
I heard that too...
So what RPGs do you like else ? 
I really love Fallout 4
Oh man same, it was a great game
I really liked that whole radio and music vibe 
Oh man me too... 
I loved the whole storyline in itself with the powerarmors and so on 
Pretty amazing yeah 
Also the DLCs where pretty cool 
Indeed, yeah I liked the one with that other island the most ..
Oh yeah, that was a great one 
Like a whole other story wasnt it 
Yeah I mean the fog there was kind of scary 
Oh yeah I can relate I played back then when I lived with my parents and the walls were really thin and I was afraid I would get scared and scream and my father would get awake and kick my ass for screaming at like 3 am 
hahaha xD 
Yeah we lived in a pretty small apartment thank good I am finally living in my own house here 
Oh I am lucky I guess, I lived in a gigantic mansion with my parents 
that sounds cool 
It was it was just perfect to play hide and seek with friends 
Oh man thats a dream of mine 
Yeah I think one day, when I am like retired I am gonna build me pretty great house somewhere 
Oh man I come and live with you 
Lets do this xD 
So I am gonna wish you much fun in your future mansion
Yeah thanks hopefully we will see sometime soon 
Of course man just DM me 
I will 
Nice 
So bye man 
Yeah stay healthy and goodbye 
